so with the manor okay so I'll do that
slowly it's mostly on the D string
starting on the 8th 8th I keep a pretty
live feel on this together sort of funky
disco time sound so my left hand is
pretty relaxed alright hat knowing the
Plex
and the pick is pretty pretty pretty
relaxed as well so you've also got to do
some alternate picking in order to get
there now before that starts the saw
lead-in and that's happens a couple of
places in the song but this goes okay so
I'll go through that I can slowly I'm
sauce on the g string of the 8th fret
okay and then over to the 8th fret on
the D string just three times bow to the
g string 8th fret one note mmm slide out
and then get the get a third fret on the
D string now I have noticed that while
they play live the guy seems to do the
same sort of very similar if we're just
using different nose and his journey
here which is so funny part about them
okay luckily the second guitar comes in
with a riff a bit higher up so it's sort
of similar but yes a bit higher
ok so I'll do this one slowly starting
on the eighth fret on the g string on
the D string 13th fret mm-hmm there's a
pull-off down to the tenth fret so again
slowly okay so that's a second top bar
and then there's another if that comes
in which goes higher up still
okay so look at this one now so it's two
two notes together dual stop so a
twelfth fret on the g string 11th fret
on the B string and I'm using those two
things that I find the easier it's
easier for me to do that way so do this
slowly there's a couple of slides in
there slide down just two frets so
keeping the same shape and then slide on
the last my last better phrase okay so
it does not and that's the main bit and
there's a slight variation to it so it
does that two times the variation is so
I'm hammering on my little finger and
that's going across the G and the B
strings of the thirteenth fret so that's
that's the variation and then it goes
back to doing the normal one okay so
I'll try to play that again and any
sincerity
okay so I'm just doing downstrokes with
that and that's that's the other guitar
part it's amazing how the two guitar
parts work work together now hopefully
that gives you enough to get started or
to play along to the truck but if you if
you know the truck and you're a fan of
this record then you should be able to
find out which bits which bits go where
will at me explaining any more any more
about okay well I hope that helps